{
  "comments": [
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_9b8f6c23",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Stephen, as Mr. odlparent, a question/suggestion for the overall odlparent project / Git repo layout... do you want us to contribute more and more at the root (odlparent/findbugs; like odlparent/checkstyle - this IS consistent), or do you want to start structuring into sub-folders?  I\u0027m asking because I will be proposing odlparent/null in a separate Gerrit soon (for null analysis stuff configuration etc.), and it occurred to me that perhaps this change here from Tom could be put into something like odlparent/quality/findbugs, with odlparent/checkstyle moving into odlparent/quality/checkstyle, and I would propose odlparent/quality/null later?  I\u0027m only talking about the organization of the directories - I wouldn\u0027t touch the Maven GAVs.",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_9415799d",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Doesn\u0027t matter to me either way.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_9b8f6c23",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_5bdb141b",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 12,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Tom I\u0027m more curious than complaining, but how did you choose this version number? Copied from checkstyle\u0027s artfiact? Personally I never understood why we separately version every micro sub-project... how about just leaving this empty so that it gets versioned together with the parent (so it would, automatically, be 1.8.0-SNAPHOT?)  To me this would seem better.  The \"release cycle\" of this artifact is likely anyway tied to corresponding changes in odlparent.  If we do version it separately, what about just 1.0.0-SNAPSHOT?  Stephen, what\u0027s your guidance for us on this matter?",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_7449bdcf",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 12,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Copied from checkstyle. It doesn\u0027t matter to me what version number is chosen - whatever you guys decide.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_5bdb141b",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_3b9a986e",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 32,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "IMHO all these are already defined in odlparent (but not odlparent-lite), and I think it\u0027s Bad Idea to duplicate that here... I\u0027ve noticed that you\u0027ve used odlparent-lite as the \u003cparent\u003e of this pom.xml - was there a strong reason for that?  If I were you, EITHER I would simply change this to have odlparent as \u003cparent\u003e here, and remove this.  OR if your choice of parent is intentional, because this artifact is only configuration, not code, which makes sense to me, and you feel strongly about this, then I would propose (in a separate pre-req. Gerrit perhaps) to move some of this pluginManagement from odlparent to odlparent-lite, keep your parent here as-is, but still remove your pluginManagement here. Makes sense?",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_544481b6",
        "filename": "findbugs/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 32,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Again, was copied from checkstyle project. Not sure if this is needed and doesn\u0027t matter to me either way - I\u0027m just trying to get findbugs enabled. I\u0027m not sure I follow what you\u0027re saying here so please feel free to push a patch set with how you think it should be.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_3b9a986e",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_db99e46f",
        "filename": "findbugs/src/main/resources/findbugs-exclude.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 9,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "+1 ;)",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_9bb64cdb",
        "filename": "findbugs/src/main/resources/findbugs-exclude.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 17,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "-1 .. from how I understand this one (based on documentation, haven\u0027t tried it out, yet; eager to..) my vote would be to not exclude this.. this is a real problem IMHO, which we should fix when it flags it.  BTW: Based on my experience with Checkstyle, it\u0027s difficult to make quality rules more strict once you have some projects adopting enforcement (because you have to adjust ALL projects, when changing rules..), but it\u0027s easy to relax rules.  So I would start with not excluding this, and if we must then only later separately add this exclude (as we\u0027ll undoubtedly add more, as we all start to use this more - I\u0027ll definitely start to apply and this contribute refinements)",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_34262517",
        "filename": "findbugs/src/main/resources/findbugs-exclude.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 17,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "I can remove the exclusion here and suppress where appropriate. There are 2 places where it will need to be suppressed otherwise we will have grossly inefficient code having to copy large byte[] in and out for simple DTOs.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_9bb64cdb",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_fb1f806e",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 483,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "-1 NOK!  see e.g. https://github.com/rholder/guava-retrying/issues/33 and https://github.com/facebook/facebook-oss-pom/blob/master/pom.xml#L331-L336 .. explicitly declaring BOTH com.google.code.findbugs:jsr305 (declared just above) AND com.google.code.findbugs:annotations (intro. here) is bad.  This is because \":annotations is a superset of :jsr305\".  What\u0027s confusing is that the :annotations both transitively depends on (with obviously its own different version than the one we declare, so if we put this 3.0.1 and that 3.0.0 it\u0027s asking for trouble) AS WELL AS includes the same types as are in :jsr305, and net.jcip.annotations.. this is a bit of a mess how they made this... ;-) How about we try to REPLACE :jsr305 with :annotations, in a separate pre-req. Gerrit to this?  I\u0027ll have a go at it in https://git.opendaylight.org/gerrit/#/c/47337/.  It will require adaptions in projects.  In the mean time, I would suggest to completely remove this from here, and start with just com.google.code.findbugs:jsr305 annotations, which we have already.",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_14684920",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 483,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "I need to use the SuppressFBWarning annotation which is defined in :annotations.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_fb1f806e",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_b4bcf56d",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 483,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T19:46:31Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "From what you\u0027re saying it will require some effort to find and change downstream projects. Do you know the scope of this work? I really would like to enable findbugs in the CDS-related projects ASAP so I can move onto other stuff. This just adds annotations to the pluginManagement section which I don\u0027t believe hurts anything as downstream projects still have to include it as a dependency where needed. I have done so in one project where I needed to use SuppressFBWarning and have not seen any issues with building due to pulling in both annotations and jsr305 dependencies. Therefore I propose to keep this as is and let subsequent patches fix/replace jsr305 as you propose as we don\u0027t know how long it will take for that effort.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_14684920",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_be5a1628",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 484,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Current latest is 3.0.1 not 3.0.0 according to https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.google.code.findbugs/annotations, how about we go straight for that while we\u0027re at this?",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_3e2f268a",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 485,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "This would also need a \u003cscope\u003eprovided\u003c/scope\u003e (see e.g. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2284433/findbugs-annotations-do-i-need-annotation-jar-and-jsr305-jar-in-my-deployed-co), and in the \u003cdependencies\u003e, as we already had it for jsr-305.",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_9b12ccb2",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1505,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Current latest is 3.0.4 according to http://gleclaire.github.io/findbugs-maven-plugin/, how about we go straight for that while we\u0027re at this?",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_f4830dca",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1505,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "sure",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_9b12ccb2",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_3b4458b6",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1523,
      "author": {
        "id": 5867
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T12:21:16Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "we should have this as a configurable property? Something like \u003cfailOnError\u003e${findbugs.enforced}, which you set to \u003cproperties\u003e\u003cfindbugs.enforced\u003efalse by default earlier above, but let project override?  We would then document this on https://wiki.opendaylight.org/view/BestPractices/Coding_Guidelines#FindBugs, just started a new (for now almost empty) section there - similar to the guidance I\u0027ve written up for Checkstyle, which folks seem to find useful.",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "7a6b29fe_d486d1da",
        "filename": "odlparent/pom.xml",
        "patchSetId": 8
      },
      "lineNbr": 1523,
      "author": {
        "id": 1842
      },
      "writtenOn": "2016-10-21T18:21:10Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "same as checkstyle - projects override to true if they want.",
      "parentUuid": "7a6b29fe_3b4458b6",
      "revId": "60e238f47515c264f2462ff5830656ba6e53412c",
      "serverId": "7fc14799-209e-464c-9743-7a06c2c21a81",
      "unresolved": false
    }
  ]
}